More STYLE.md updates (#2092)
HoTT/Coq-HoTT: STYLE.md

> use the HoTT version of Coq and where to find the rest of the library;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pass the right flags and where to find the rest of the library;
```

a common invocation would be something like

>     $ /path/to/find-bug.py --coqc .../coqc --coqtop .../coqtop -R . HoTT Path/To/Buggy.v bug_minimized.v

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ /path/to/find-bug.py --arg -noinit --arg -indices-matter -R . HoTT Path/To/Buggy.v bug_minimized.v
```

Reviewer 2: Alternatively you can use `-f`(?) to give `_CoqProject` instead.
